docs: run local `--proxy` blog (#5460)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v132.en.md

Copilot v1.32 brings big enhancements to help you develop more flexibly and efficiently:

> - **`copilot run local --proxy`**: Proxy outbound traffic from your local containers to services and RDS instances in your environment VPC. [See detailed section](#copilot-run-local---proxy)

Reviewer: Should we leave VPC out and use Copilot environment instead? As i would assume the traffic is still controlled by the env sg which means two env cannot talk to each other even if they share the same VPC by default.

    See the section [Overview](../docs/concepts/overview.en.md) for a more detailed introduction to AWS Copilot.

## `copilot run local --proxy`

> The new `--proxy` flag on `copilot run local` enhances your local development experience by making to possible for your local containers to talk to services deployed in your environment's VPC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new `--proxy` flag on `copilot run local` enhances your local development experience by making it possible for your local containers to talk to services deployed in your environment's VPC.
```

> For example, imagine you have an environment with two services, `foo` and `bar`, who both have [Service Connect](TODO) enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, imagine you have an environment with two services, `foo` and `bar`, who both have [Service Connect](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service-connect.html) enabled.
```

> For example, imagine you have an environment with two services, `foo` and `bar`, who both have [Service Connect](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.md#network-connect) enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, imagine you have an environment with two services, `users` and `orders`, who both have [Service Connect](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.md#network-connect) enabled.
```

> Additionally, `foo` has an [RDS addon](TODO) deployed that it uses for storing data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, `foo` has an [RDS addon](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-serverless-v2.html) deployed that it uses for storing data.
```

> Additionally, `foo` has an [RDS addon](../docs/developing/addons/workload.md) deployed that it uses for storing data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, `orders` has an [RDS addon](../docs/developing/addons/workload.md) deployed that it uses for storing data.
```

> For example, imagine you have an environment with two services, `users` and `orders`, that both have [Service Connect](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.md#network-connect) enabled.
> Additionally, `orders` has an [RDS addon](../docs/developing/addons/workload.md) deployed that it uses for storing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, imagine you have an environment with two services, `users` and `orders`, that both have [Service Connect](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#network-connect) enabled.
Additionally, `orders` has an [RDS addon](../docs/developing/addons/workload.en.md) deployed that it uses for storing data.
```

> To test `foo` locally, you can now run `copilot run local --proxy --name foo`, and your local `foo` containers can reach the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test `orders` locally, you can now run `copilot run local --proxy --name foo`, and your local `foo` containers can reach the following:
```

> To test `orders` locally, you can now run `copilot run local --proxy --name orders`, and your local `orders` containers can reach the following:

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
You can now run `copilot run local --proxy --name orders` to test the following connection for your local `orders` containers:
```

> - The `bar` service, using its service connect URL (which defaults to `http://bar:<port>`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `users` service, using its service connect URL (which defaults to `http://bar:<port>`)
```

> - `foo`'s RDS addon, using any DB instance url (like `app-env-svc-random-characters.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com:5432`) or DB cluster URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `orders`'s RDS database, using any DB instance url (like `app-env-svc-random-characters.us-west-2.rds.amazonaws.com:5432`) or DB cluster URL.
```
